chore(contributing): add docs contributing section and update PR template (#3730)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Publishing

> Amplify UI publishes to NPM on every Tues (mandatory). We use [`changesets`](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to drive our deployment procedure:

Reviewer: nit: Probably could drop mandatory: 

```suggestion
Amplify UI publishes to NPM on every Tuesday. We use [`changesets`](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to drive our deployment procedure:
```
